---
title: "{{title}}"
draft: false
tags:
  - curse_of_the_crimson_throne
---
For [[Barton]], this might have been another ordinary morning. He might have woken up in his bed in his parents' small apartment. They might not have much, but what they have is more than enough. He would sit with them for a warm breakfast and fine conversation before taking a cart up into the [[Korvosa#The Heights|Heights]], to another day of studies at [[Korvosa#The Acadamae|The Acadamae]]. It's not an easy trail, and he is only at his second year of study, but between the casting of cantrips he can see approving nods of his instructor - he is on his way to becoming a star student, if he keeps on working hard. Later that evening, he might go with his close friends to one of the uptown pubs and have a hearty conversation about politics and magical theory and everything in-between. And later one of his friends of noble upbringing might even sneak them into an upper-class ball, where Barton would dance with the beautiful daughters of nobles to the magnificent sounds of a playing band. And as he would return to his house, and lay down in his warm bed, he would smile as he feels the satisfaction of a day well spent, and a life well lived, and he would close his eyes.  

And as he opened his eyes, he found this dream quickly shattered, as a stream of dirty wash water fell down on his face.  

The cold water quickly awoke Barton, who found himself thrown in some dirty alley in [[Korvosa#Old Korvosa|Old Korvosa]]. Looking up, it seemed as though a woman in the window above him has poured her used wash water from her bucket down, not even noticing the homeless man sleeping under her apartment. After soaking most of the water from his clothes and cursing his fate, Barton got up and stretched.  It was only starting to dawn and so the city was just now waking from it's stupor; The half-rotten half-crumbling buildings of Old Korvosa and her invigorating smells of wet trash have assaulted his senses, just as have the itch from his unkempt beard, but which did not itch enough for him to do something about it. Instinctively reaching for his trusty weapon, Barton felt a frightful chill as he suddenly realized it was not there. Looking around, he quickly spotted the thing - wrapped around the arms of yet another homeless sleeping in the same alley as he was, an old dwarf man with wild white hair. It would seem the bastard have stolen the weapon at night, but in his drunken state could not get far and fell asleep just a few meters away from Barton; He, in turn, quietly tried to grab the weapon away from the snoring dwarf, but in the process awoke the thief. "H... hey! Give that back! That's mine!" screamed the alerted drunkard, who suddenly froze in terror when Barton aimed the gun at his face, finger on the trigger. "Do not move. You know who this truly belongs to." he said angrily. "P...please! It's just that.... the metal was still warm last night! I just wanted something warm to hold on to in my sleep!" cried the pathetic dwarf. "Well, if you keep talking, I will put such a hole in you that you'll feel warm forever on." Barton replied coldly. "Now get out of here and never return, you wrench." Crying in fear once more, the dwarf took his legs and got out of that place, as Barton sighed and returned the gun, carved with magical runes, to it's handle on his hip. He opened a crumpled note from his pocket - a list he made of possible shops he could hit for parts - and realized it was getting late, and if he wished to get there before they open for business he must be quick.  

Making his way through the streets of Old Korvosa, he witnessed the views of the district which never failed to appear grim and depressing. The old ramshackle building that always seem on the verge of collapse, the poor and downtrodden who plod along from their houses to their daily jobs, the street urchins playing with sorry replicas of balls made of rotting cabbages wrapped in empty flour sacks, and of course, the rows of beggars setting up their shops for the day. Passing by a trash heap where some home owner nearby throws his copy of the Korvosan Post first thing in the morning, Barton stopped to grab [[1) Korvosan Post - 12th Desnus|today's copy]]. Walking and reading, it seems today's big story revolved around the king's mysterious ailment, and people claiming the Curse of the Crimson Throne have finally come to take old [[Eodred Arabasti II|Eodred]] away. Though intriguing, such things could not be of less importance for Barton at his current state. He had to stay focused on his goals. So pressing forward, and keeping a somewhat paranoid eye for any suspicious looking individuals, he quickly walked over the bridges and into [[Korvosa#Midland|Midland]], to find his unfortunate victim for today...  

--- 

For [[Kebub Urag]], his waking dream was less of a dream, more of a vision. A mystical mirage he could not explain, not with words known to his people. For in those images that haunted him since that fateful night where he died, but did not really die, he saw death itself. He saw a river of souls, of ancestors and animals and people he did not know, who pulled him gently down the river and into an endless sea of black nothingness, where the only thing gazing back at him from the abyss was a great white skull, who looked at him with empty eyes, before too sinking into the dark nothing, at which point Kebub woke up from the vision.  

He woke up in his furs in his tent, with the smell of wet leather from the morning dew and the hubhub of his people getting ready for the day outside. He could not explain what he saw, not better then he could explain what he saw at any particular night since that night he died. He could only feel the strain of his battle hardened muscles and the phantom pain of his missing eye. And so, with no better option, he started his day as well.  

He joined the rest of the [[Sokan-Quah|clan]] in the communal feasting tent, where for breakfast, they had large chunks of smoked auroch meat. He looked at them eating and laughing, a stranger among his own people, a guest at his own family's household, knowing that his green skin would forever separate him from his clanspeople. It was then when the Quah's revered shaman, old blind [[Thousand Bones]], signaled him to come dine next to him. The shaman's grandson, and one of Kebub's only true friends, [[Gaekhen]], was also there. "How do you fare, old friend?" asked the kindly shaman. "I know it has not been easy for you since your... incident." "I am not sure I can explain what is going on with me..." murmured Kebub, "I see terrible vision every night, and I feel like my mind is elsewhere from here." "Indeed, our people have known Death for ages now, but your connection with it is... special." Thousand Bone remarked sadly. "After all, you have had first-hand experience with it. It will take time to heal from what has happened to you. I do not know if it gives you solace, old friend, but since death is the endpoint of all life, it just has to mean that life is worth living!" he tried to cheer the grim orc, but failing to do so, continued with a request. "I want to ask a favor of you. Me and my grandson will go into the city today to talk with one of their leaders, to try and secure job opportunities for our people to earn their living. I want you to come with us to share of your experience working in the city, to show we are honorable and hard-working. I'm sure your views will be well appreciated." And though Kebub doubted that very much, he had nothing but respect for his shaman and his ideas, and so agreed to come with.  

The three packed their bags and walked down from the hill where their encampment stood, and crossed the great stone bridge over the river and into Korvosa. Passing merchants setting up their stalls and people coming and going, they finally reached the city's gate, where a bored guard draped in a red tabard took one good look at the eccentric Shoanti group before asking, "Papers, please." Though Thousand Bones protested, saying that their arrival time has been agreed upon with the [[Korvosa#Arbiters|Arbiters]] and that, in fact, the very same guard has let him in the last time he visited, the guard only rolled his eyes, and angrily asked once more for papers. "No entrance without papers." He shrugged. It only took some very polite words and a strong push on the shoulder from the massive Kebub for the guard to re-think his requirements. He suddenly remembered Thousand Bones and his meeting and let the group into the city, still shaking somewhat. Gaekhen angrily protested that everyone in this wretched city treated them the same, that this guard's behavior was the proof,  but Thousand Bones hushed his rebellious grandson, asking him to show patience for the sake of the clan, and Kebub tended to agree - no good can come of fighting these other people, that he knew for certain. And so the three of them, strangers in an alien city full of alien noises and smells, made their way to their destination...   

---

[[Zim]] knew that what he saw was not a dream and not a nightmare, nor was it a vision. For Zim knew he saw the future. And the future was bleak.  

What he saw in front of him was the city in flames. The buildings crumbled and ruined and burning in a great inferno. The broken streets filled with the bodies of the dead. The screams of the few who survived echoed from afar, as they brutally killed each other over the last pieces of food and water, trying in vain to delay the inevitable for one day more. The blood from the heaps of dead has coalesced into a terrible read river, spilling into a boiling red sea, and above it all stood a flaming crimson sun, patiently burning the pitiful ruins of the city away with it's scorching rays. The end has reached Korvosa, and all Zim could do was stand there and watch the last miserable breaths of his once home, knowing for sure that this is to be his future, and that nothing could ever be done to stop it.  

He woke up with a scream in a puddle of sweat in his bed. From the open window, the cool sea breeze blew and rays of morning sun, not crimson but yellow and warm, shone in his eyes. His current resident was at the [[Korvosa#1. The Soldado house|house of the Soldado family]], whom have given him refuge since he was abandoned by his traveling circus family. Outside of his small room, the chaotic noises of the Soldado children wreaking havoc have already started early. Stepping into the living room, he found the family's matron, [[Tayce Soldado|Tayce]], attempting to instill order in her children while cooking breakfast at the same time. "Zim, my dear, you are awake, good. Would you be so kind as to help me a little bit?" she winced as her youngest daughter, Brienna, rushed pass a vase and almost knocked it down. Zim, still only half-awake from his nightmarish future reality, could only mutter something in return about a city burning and the end of the world. "Well, as you can see, beloved, I am kind of in a middle of the world ending around me as we speak", she crassly returned, pointing out to the discord around the house, as she was already accustomed to Zim's spewing unnerving and cryptic riddles, and learned to gently ignore his ramblings. "So please, be a dear and go but me some eggs so I could finish the meal!" handing him some coins she sent the dreamy youth on his way. On his way to the door, Zim could not help but to comfort the poor children who did now know what was soon coming for them, and they, in turn, were just happy to get some affection from the weird cousin who have somewhat become a part of their family these last few months.  

Soon, Zim found himself crossing the streets of [[Korvosa#Trail's End|Trail's End]], watching his fellow [[Varisia#Varisians|Varisians]] start their day; He too was a stranger among his own community, though he felt the people of the neighborhood grew to accept him as one of their own very quickly. Standing in line to buy eggs in the local food market, Zim took interest in the burly man standing before him in line - more specifically, in the copy of the Korvosan Post he was reading. "Did you hear that, my boy? It seems good old Eodred is not long for this world." The man said to Zim, "Well, good riddance to that devil, I say! Truly a cause for celebration. Perhaps we should strike out the band tonight at the tavern, and you could play us one of your card tricks..." Zim, however, was more interested in a small notice showing at the middle of the paper, claiming that the young queen has apparently lost her beloved brooch while sending it for repairs, and that she would handsomely reward anyone who might find and return the bejeweled bauble. Easy gold, if he could only divine where the trinket is hidden.  

At any rate, he returned to Tayce with her eggs, and though she thanked him, she had one more favor to ask. "Don't be mad, now," she said apologetically, "but if you plan on continuing to live in this house, you will have to partake in taking care of the household expanses. You should go out into the city today and find a job." "That seems... rather reasonable." Zim agreed begrudgingly. "Just find an honest job!" Tayce warned him as he left the house once more. "Our people suffer from prejudicial biases enough even without you inflating them with your scams and tricks, my dear!"   

Before even leaving the street the house resides in, Zim immediately found himself face to face with the curly hair and mischievous smile of [[Rita Bevenari|Rita]], greeting him hello. "Hiya there, Zim! Have I heard correctly? Is Tayce gonna kick you out of the house if you don't start to make some money for her?" Before Zim had the opportunity to protest her espionage and nose-sticking, she had quieted him with her suggestion for a job opportunity. "You should try to find Devargo at the last pier of the old docks if you want some easy money." "Who is he?" asked Zim, who have not heard of the man. "He is one of us. A good man, and he will hook you up with a job, for sure." promised Rita. That was all of the convincing Zim needed - leaving the cheerful girl behind, he started his way to Old Korvosa, to meet this Devargo and hopefully, for some time, try to forget about the haunting imagery he felt would soon come to pass...  

--- 

