---
title: Chapter 1 - Into Droskar's Crucible
draft: false
tags:
  - crown_of_the_kobold_king
---
The dark staircase opens into a large, rectangular chamber, it's cold stone walls covered with intricate carvings of dwarves toiling in mines or over forges. In the center of the chamber stands the bottom half of a broken obsidian obelisk. Crude picks, hammers, and other tools lie scattered around it.  

Near the obelisk, the party encounters a group of four [[Kobold|kobolds]], struggling to drag a large chunk of the fallen obsidian monument. They shriek when the party arrives, taking out spears and rocks. Arrows are shot and spells cast, and without too much hassle three of the kobolds fall dead. The fourth one, injured, gave a koboldish curse before trying to run - only to be hit on the head by [[Mattis|Mattis's]] rapier handle, falling unconscious. While Mattis tied the poor kobold with a rope, [[Nachos]] admired the obsidian obelisk, taking a small chunk for himself - during the theft, he noticed a carving in [[Dwarf|dwarven]] at the bottom of the statue. [[Lucas, the halfling|Lucas]] quickly translated the [[1) Cult's prayers to Droskar|dreary words]]:  
“*...Toil is the only true path to Salvation. Those who*
*will not work shall have their blood boiled in the Dark*
*Furnace for all time... There is no decadent paradise*
*awaiting us after death, as our corrupt ancestors claimed,*
*only industrious labor in [[Droskar|Droskar's]] Forge awaits the*
*faithful. This great work is its own reward... The*
*unfaithful, they will serve in the end, their blood and*
*bones shall stoke the fires of our industry... The world*
*will burn to the glory of Droskar.*”  

After a couple of minutes the cowardly kobold awakens, distressed to find himself tied up. "Do you even know who I am?!" spat the kobold, who introduced himself as [[Voss]]. Though he tried to get in control of the situation at first, some strong words by [[Mori]] shut him up quickly, and he decided to be diplomatic about it. Firstly, the party wanted to know where the kobolds were taking the obsidian. "It's for [[Vreggma]], the king's favourite concubine", Voss explained, "she likes to watch her reflection in the metal." The next question regarded [[Barlus Chortun|Barlus]] and his whereabouts. "Well, the king orders us to capture live sacrifices to empower his great crown!" Voss squealed with excitement, as if it was very clear what he's talking about. "Your Barlus does sound like the last human we caught in the woods. They're probably holding him in the cells below, if he's even still alive...". Lastly, they were interested to know what's in the room at the end of the hall to the right. "Do not enter that room!" Voss got pale, as much as a scaly kobold can get pale. "Or do, for all I care, if your'e suicidal! A ghost haunts that room, the ghost of a [[Dwarf|dwarf]]! He eats kobolds unless we feed it fresh meat!". Seeing Voss cowing away gave Mori an idea. "We should defeat this ghost - that will prove the kobolds we are far stronger then them, make them afraid of us. Let's go to that room, then. You first, blockhead!" they pushed Voss to guide them along until they reached the room's door. "Do what you will, just close the door behind you - if the ghost eats you, at least it won't escape!" Voss screamed and hid in the dark hall with [[Buffleguff]]. Though Lucas had his doubts (a door can't stop a ghost, after all) they gathered their resolve and entered the room.  

Inside, they found a long room - probably the dwarven monk's old quarters, judging by the row of uncomfortable stone beds. As they looked around, they heard a disturbing hiss - a moment later, a floating dwarf in full plate armor floated towards them, it's boots gliding above the floor as it clutched a gleaming axe in one hand. Though some panicked by the ghost's slow approach, Mattis's sharp eyes pierced the darkness and observed the truth - this was not a floating ghost, but dwarven armor stuck inside a block of semi-translucent ooze. A [[Gelatinous Cube|gelatinous cube]]! The group scattered as the ooze advanced towards them, though poor Lucas was caught straight in it's path - absorbed by the cube, his skin started to burn from the creature's acid. Spells and bolts from Mori and Mattis, who managed to hug the walls to the side, slowly pierced the cube, while [[Nachos]] hit one strike after another, his fists slowly going numb from the acid. With the cube slowly pushing him to the back wall, Nachos finally managed to destroy the creature with a massive strike, popping the cube and spraying ooze and acid all over the place, leaving himself panting as well as steaming, but satisfied.  They all rushed to help Lucas up, who was probably in even worse shape.  